README.md, before:

# WeatherApp
Sample App to showcase how use the open API Meteo 
# https://api.open-meteo.com/

## Screenshots

<div style="dispaly:flex">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/24e17829-0adb-455c-94ce-d17bc1b021a0" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/321c8622-0296-4a25-90c9-5b4801307582" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/a193b87c-6416-4981-b309-99ced38fc14b" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/f1d8f692-f064-4fa5-a911-fbd23f5a0f14" width="22%">
</div>

## Tech stack & Open-source libraries
- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) based
- [Coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coroutines-overview.html) for asynchronous.
- [SplashScreen API] (https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/launch/splash-screen)
- [Pull-To-Refresh] (https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/material/pullrefresh/package-summary)
- [DeepLinks] (https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking)
- [JetPack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack)
  - [Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) - Modern toolkit for building native UI.
  - [Lifecycle](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/lifecycle) - Create a UI that automatically responds to lifecycle events.
  - [Navigation](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/navigation) - Handle everything needed for in-app navigation.
  - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel) - UI related data holder, lifecycle aware.
- [Hilt](https://dagger.dev/hilt/) 
- For [dependency injection](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android).
- An image loading library for Android backed by Kotlin Coroutines.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) 
- Firestore Database and Storage

## Features

- Jetpack Compose UI. Custom animations, transiations, light/dark theme and layouts.
- Material design 3
- Jetpack Compose Navigation
- Clean Architecutre
- Dependency injection with Hilt
- Retrieves Weather Data from the network specifically from Rest Api
- Media style notifications

Commit message:

Integrate crashlytic and app widget README.md

README.md, after:

# WeatherApp
Sample App to showcase how use the open API Meteo 
# https://api.open-meteo.com/

## Screenshots

<div style="dispaly:flex">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/24e17829-0adb-455c-94ce-d17bc1b021a0" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/321c8622-0296-4a25-90c9-5b4801307582" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/a193b87c-6416-4981-b309-99ced38fc14b" width="22%">
    <img src="https://github.com/esoume/WeatherApp/assets/7129880/f1d8f692-f064-4fa5-a911-fbd23f5a0f14" width="22%">
</div>

## Tech stack & Open-source libraries
- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/) based
- [Coroutines](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/coroutines-overview.html) for asynchronous.
- [SplashScreen API] (https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/launch/splash-screen)
- [Pull-To-Refresh] (https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/material/pullrefresh/package-summary)
- [DeepLinks] (https://developer.android.com/training/app-links/deep-linking)
- [AppWidget With Glance Library] (https://medium.com/@avengers14.blogger/introduction-of-jetpack-glance-app-widgets-part-1-475ff3da1dcf)
- [JetPack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack)
  - [Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose) - Modern toolkit for building native UI.
  - [Lifecycle](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/lifecycle) - Create a UI that automatically responds to lifecycle events.
  - [Navigation](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/navigation) - Handle everything needed for in-app navigation.
  - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel) - UI related data holder, lifecycle aware.
- [Hilt](https://dagger.dev/hilt/) 
- For [dependency injection](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android).
- An image loading library for Android backed by Kotlin Coroutines.
- [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/) 
- Firestore Database and Storage
- [CrashLytic] Integrate CrashLytic of Firebase in App

## Features

- Jetpack Compose UI. Custom animations, transiations, light/dark theme and layouts.
- Material design 3
- Jetpack Compose Navigation
- Clean Architecutre
- Dependency injection with Hilt
- Retrieves Weather Data from the network specifically from Rest Api
- Media style notifications
